Add November 2021 ESDS Update (#142)
NCAR/esds: posts/2021/esds-update-november-2021.md

---
author: Max Grover
date: 2021-12-02
tags: update, faq, xarray, dask, matplotlib
---

> # ESDS Update October 2021

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# ESDS Update November 2021
```

November was an active month! There were a couple of ESDS Forum talks, a variety of answered Python questions during office hours, and a Python tutorial!

Check out the following ESDS update for the month of November 2021.

## Xdev Updates

Xdev has continued to make progress on the **_Funnel_** project; this extends the data catalog with "analysis recipes", providing an effective strategy for modularization and extensibility of workflows.

> The [esds-funnel](https://github.com/NCAR/esds-funnel) provides the cacheing framework, while the [esm-collections](https://github.com/NCAR/esm-collections) repository is where we prototyping the full workflows with the catalogs and analysis recipes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [esds-funnel](https://github.com/NCAR/esds-funnel) provides the caching framework, while the [esm-collections](https://github.com/NCAR/esm-collections) repository is where we prototype the full workflows with the catalogs and analysis recipes.
```
